There are a lot of things
happening in this life.
Sometimes, it exceeds
what a person can handle.
At least, that's how you may think...
until it really happens.
And you still stand strong.
I didn't want to wake you.
Voke, what about the money?
I'll get it today.
If you knew you couldn't get the money,
you should've told me.
-I wouldn't have spent what I came with.
-I'll get it today.
Now, you don't have a choice.
It was an accident.
Voke.
-Voke, you know I'm not--
-Hey, Som, Som.
Daddy V.
Lolu.
Good morning.
You're lucky I love you.
I love you so much.
Let me eat, too.
Has Chisom asked for that money?
She was angry.
But it's not a problem. I'll get it today.
Bro, I know you don't like
these sort of things.
But I really appreciate it.
I promised you I would take care of her.
I held her in my arms when she was born.
That's my child.
Don't worry about it.
You're family.
Get out of here!
Later you'll be acting all tough.
I know you too well.
Think about it.
-It's a school bus!
-You're having fun!
Which school bus?
All right. We're done.
If the police arrest you, don't call me.
I can't help you.
Okay? You're on your own.
Vovo, my friend.
-Vovo! What's up?
-Hey.
Boss Rogba.
-Bro, how are you doing?
-Well done.
-Please come.
-You should go.
I've been looking for you.
Where have you been?
Any good news?
It was exactly as you mentioned.
The girl stole the money.
She hid it in her buttocks.
We were all surprised.
I'll meet you up ahead.
-Don't you realize a child is here?
-Don't be angry. Fine girl.
-Daddy V.
-I'm coming.
I said it that day,
but the guy disregarded me.
Don't mind him.
Anyway, he's blinded by love.
I billed him 150,000.
My cut is 50,000. Is that okay?
-Today?
-I'm going to meet him now.
-That's good.
-I got you.
Vovo, my friend.
You have no idea
what you've just done for me.
I'm here for you, Vovo!
-Did you hear what happened to Wasiu?
-Which Wasiu?
-Why are you frowning?
-I want ice cream.
Wasn't it you who fed us this morning?
I didn't want to eat that.
Oh my God! Help me, Daddy!
Daddy V!
Leave my child alone.
-Let me go!
-I said leave my child alone!
-Daddy, please! Daddy!
-Let her go!
Are you crazy? I said let my child go!
-Who are you?
-Leave me alone!
Help me, Daddy! Daddy V!
-Daddy V, help me! Leave me alone!
-Oh boy.
Daddy V!
So, who is crazy now?
-I'll go after him.
-Go!
Help me!
-Daddy!
-Lolu!
Lolu!
Somebody should help me!
Daddy!
-Daddy!
-Lolu!
Lolu! Lolu!
Where is Lolu?
Don't worry. This one will tell us.
Where did you take my child?
You don't learn.
Bro, please!
What did you say?
Did you say "please"?
Where did you take my child?
Bro, I swear!
I don't know where they took her to.
If you don't tell me where my child is,
then, don't tell me anything.
Do you hear me?
I only urinated on three.
Calm down. That's enough.
Chill!
That's enough.
Voke, what do we do now?
I need to go see my mother.
My mother can tell us where Lolu might be.
Are you sure she would agree?
That's the only thing we can do right now.
Once I find the location,
I will call you.
-Voke.
-Hey. Hey.
We will find Lolu.
Don't worry about it.
Okay, I will be back.
Good day, Ma.
Voke!
How are you?
-They will come and sweep it now.
-Sweep what?
Didn't I tell you it would break?
-Funke!
-Ma'am!
Bring something to clean this mess.
Okay, Ma'am.
Look how lean you are.
Look at you. You have blood everywhere.
-What's the problem?
-My friend's child...
The girl who is my goddaughter.
She was kidnapped.
-Funke!
-Ma'am!
Please bring some fufu for my child.
-Okay, ma'am
-Do you want banga or owo?
No, Mom, please.
Let's forget about food for now.
Forget about food now.
I don't have time. Please!
What do you mean "forget about food"?
When did you last eat in this house?
-Mama, please,
-What's wrong with you?
-Just help me check--
-If this is why you are here,
the answer is no!
N-O!
-Mama.
-Look at what happened to your father!
Please.
Help me.
It won't take you more than two minutes.
Voke, you'll have to push me inside
and make me do it!
Should I go do it myself?
Voke, don't push me!
I'm warning you.
Do you want them
to take something from you?
If they want to, let them take it.
-This girl is my child.
-She is not!
How can you claim
someone's child as yours, Voke?
Get married and have your own child!
Birth your own!
What is it?
Your father is calling you.
Father, the strongest
when it comes to black magic.
In this family,
we all had natural gifts,
but black magic is complex.
Just like Father,
who used the travelling powers
to save Mama.
Papa!
Good day.
It's been a long time.
How are you doing?
What happened, Voke?
I can't hear you.
I can't hear what you're saying.
He's asking what happened.
They kidnapped my friend's child.
Lolu.
I want Mama to help me find her.
And I told him that
we don't do those kind of things here.
Mama, why are you saying that?
Imagine if it was me.
You have a child, too.
Imagine if it's me, if it's your child.
What's wrong with you?
Why did you bring this matter here?
Did you see your father? Voke!
If I don't bring the matter here,
where else can I go?
Why did you bring this matter here?
If I don't bring the matter here,
where else can I go?
Ede, are you sure?
You're lucky that your father is here.
Thank you, sir.
Why did you stop?
I can't pinpoint the girl's location.
Why?
Something is blocking my vision.
Something more powerful than you?
-Is that right?
-Voke.
This girl is in serious trouble.
If you don't find her soon...
Okay, Mama, I'm leaving.
Voke.
You're my only child.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
Rogba!
I've been trying to reach you,
but to no avail.
Listen, I can't bear it anymore.
I'm off to the mountains to clear my head.
I don't know
if I can keep going without Lolu.
And since you are not answering,
I fear the worst has happened.
Bro...
I've been calling you. What's going on?
I told you to wait for me.
Give it to me.
Give it to me!
Mother didn't see the exact location,
but, I know she's still within the area.
We will find her.
Rogba! Rogba!
-Bro, please! Please!
-Who sent you?
Who is the person who sent you?
A guy showed me his picture,
told me to kill him.
Which guy? Who told you to do that?
Bro, please!
They just gave me money to kill him.
Please, bro!
Rogba.
What are you doing?
What are your boys doing?
That's not where I pointed.
Tell them to move.
Please calm down.
That's not where I pointed. He fell here.
It's here! Tell them to move!
We will find him.
Move to that side!
Move fast! Keep moving!
Bro, it's not been long since he fell.
He just fell a moment ago.
It was right here! He fell right here.
Ask them to search that area, please.
Well done!
Check that side.
Gbenga!
I just received some information.
They found a body at the morgue,
a young girl in uniform.
It's probably Lolu.
Are they sure it's her?
You have to come immediately.
They will dispose of the body,
if you don't confirm that it's her.
Please hurry!
-Have they seen him?
-They are still searching.
Please give me your phone number.
If you find him,
take him to the nearest hospital.
-Okay.
-I will call you. Hold on to this.
-Well done.
They found a body at the morgue...
Take it easy.
That's how they were
when they brought her here.
Are you okay?
I had forgotten that I met Chisom.
She gave me this message for you.
Take it easy, please.
But I must go.
Bro, we have searched everywhere.
We've searched everywhere
but we couldn't find him.
But he fell into the water.
Are you sure you've searched thoroughly?
Or does the water carry people elsewhere?
Something like that.
Because there's a place over there that--
-That's true. Over there.
-Yes, over there.
-It can--
-Listen. Please keep searching.
He is in the water. I'm very sure of it.
Mother.
When I touched her body,
I felt it.
I felt it on my hands.
It rushed into my body.
I saw it.
I saw the weapon.
Do you still have your other powers?
Yes, I do.
Voke!
I've never seen anyone
with more than two powers before,
but you.
You have three.
Nothing will happen to me.
This is the knife!
That's the knife,
they killed Lolu with.
Voke.
Leave it alone.
The thing behind this is too strong,
even for me.
I tried to use my power,
but it was blocking my vision.
Voke!
Please!
Mother.
This is my fight.
Don't worry.
But I promise you
I will handle it with caution.
Voke.
Obatere...
I warned you before,
but you didn't listen.
I know I've put him in danger, Edere.
The boy will be okay...
for now.
You would've known
if he isn't going to be okay.
Vovo, what's up? Are you here?
Okay, I can hear the music.
You'll see a staircase,
take the turn, and come that way.
You're pretending you don't want to come,
but you like money.
My friend, I know
there's booty everywhere, but focus.
Have you climbed the staircase?
Keep going!
You'll see a door when you get upstairs.
Bro, answer me,
I feel like I'm talking to myself.
There's a door by that staircase.
Keep going straight.
Don't look at the women. We're inside.
-Mr...
-Voke, but you can call him Vovo.
That's the gist of it.
-How much does the XO cost in this club?
-400,000.
What about the fake one?
Are you kidding?
Peter, stop. Stop there.
Stop what?
What is happening?
Nonsense. No money for you.
Dude! Don't touch me.
Don't you dare touch me!
-No money for you.
-Are you joking?
-What do you mean?
-No money.
Nothing for you.
So you think you can come here,
and mess me over.
I got no time for that.
Give me my money. I'll leave!
You think you can challenge me in my club?
I will kill you here
and nothing will happen.
-The gun isn't going to do it.
-Nothing will happen here.
Vovo!
Go, Voke.
Look at you. Look at your face.
How dare you touch me?
My friend, I'm so proud of you.
Let me shower you with this money.
Okay, take it.
Never bring me to this kind of place.
Are you crazy?
Vovo!
-Be careful.
-No, I will follow you.
Voke will leave.
It will just be me and you in this house.
Okay, pity him a little.
Just give him a small hug.
He is pretending. Come back here.
McAnthony.
How are you doing?
Crazy man! Don't you sleep at home?
Vovo, my friend.
Answer me.
I've been thinking about our job
at the club yesterday.
It was like an action movie.
You really messed those local villains up.
Did you not see what
a useless job you took me to do?
I've told you not to take me
to these kind of useless jobs.
It's an occupational hazard.
It happens from time to time.
Do you understand?
I'm thinking we should resume work.
It will help you to...
Compart... Compartmenta...
What am I trying to say?
It will help you forget and focus.
You get it?
A healthy distraction.
As long as it's a good job, I'm with you.
Have I ever disappointed you before?
What was it that you did yesterday?
-Vovo!
-Leave me alone.
Volcano!
Boss P.
Gbengus!
-I'm okay. How are you?
-Hello, fine girl.
How are you?
Boss P, this is the guy.
-How are you doing?
-Very well.
Well, the boss is around, but you guys
should go wait for him over there.
You're lucky I love you.
I love you so much.
Did they kill the guy here?
Gbamsolutely.
Kayode died in his office.
Let me see the office.
Boss P, don't be upset.
He has his own method and process. Okay?
He follows due process.
Bro, calm down. Relax.
Fine girl.
Pius, make sure you are done
before the boss comes back, please.
-Be careful, please.
-No problem.
-Thank you.
-Gbengus.
-Let's go.
-Go on in. Quickly.
How can someone
be murdered in such a place?
That's what we want to find out.
The big boss is here.
Voke, let's go, please.
Wait? Are you joking?
Bro, let's go, please.
Pius!
This is the man I told you about.
He said he wants to personally
see where Mr. Kayode was murdered.
Sorry, sir.
There's black magic here.
Over time, I honed my gifts.
I can sense black magic by touch.
A glimpse of what has transpired.
But for ordinary eyes,
I infuse the Obsidian rock.
This gives a glimpse of black magic.
Nobody knew something
was taken from that body...
What did you see?
Let me fuck them up big time.
In return.
there's black magic here.
An organ was taken.
There were five targets.
If it's money, money is not a problem.
Who was in it?
Mr. Tony.
Mr. Kayode.
-Owen Ugbe.
-Diana Ikeji.
Mr. Edere Boloko.
That's not true, man.
I left to focus on my music.
Are you all crazy?
Leke.
My popsy's sweat, right?
They will find out!
Who are you?
Lola!
Do you know this man?
-Bro, your knife is really sharp.
-What do you expect?
I deserve to know what happened.
You haven't changed.
The street runs in your veins.
Of course!
Remember, you used to bring me here a lot.
Please. I can't use my bare hands.
You're enjoying it, right?
I've really missed it.
Is it because he's nice
or is it because of his money?
Voke...
I was hustling.
The little money I had...
you were taking it from me.
You knew I was always going out to hustle.
-Just...
-Voke.
Voke...
They've killed another person.
I mean another person has died.
Edere Boloko is dead.
Where?
At his house.
People are wicked.
This is the guy I was talking about.
Voke, come here.
Sorry for your loss, madam.
What does that have to do with this?
You are joking, right?
Are you serious?
They kicked me off the board.
Now they want me to sell my shares
from my own father's company.
Then, I discovered Tony killed my father.
He doesn't know I'm aware.
What happened to Kayode is nothing
compared to what I, Leke Thompson,
will do to them all.
They'll all get hurt.
Laide Folarin.
Let me try?
That small boy.
Raheem, go and arrest him!
Voke, you will follow them.
Only you can handle this one.
-Get there before she does.
-Okay, sir.
Voke!
-I need to go and talk to him.
-You can't go in.
What happened?
Leke... His room.
See, you said he wouldn't come.
If you move, I'll shoot you.
I say stop there.
Voke!
-Take me home!
-I can't take you home.
There are things you don't know about me.
If you don't want me to die,
take me home now!
I found it.
Get this off.
Voke!
Voke? Voke!
Chisom! Chisom! Shut up! Calm down.
Break it gently.
Voke! Voke!
Chisom! Chisom!
Chisom!
Voke!
Chisom.
You did well.
Take this.
Everything was making sense.
What's up?
Where are you going?
Did you see what that guy
did to the police?
My mother.
Voke!
You should have told me
about all this black magic stuff.
That's not something one
can easily tell someone.
Chisom, I didn't think
you would accept me.
Do I look like I wouldn't accept you?
Do I?
My other phone is low on battery.
Let me give you this number.
Chisom.
What's happening?
Where is it?
That's good. Or else,
I will be in trouble with my wife.
I told you the native doctor is around.
Everything is set.
I've locked everywhere,
nothing will happen.
I'm invincible.
Please tell the police
to be on standby. Okay!
Go check what's going on over there.
-What's happening?
-Is he here?
Mike!
Mike! Where are you?
Call the native doctor.
Call the native doctor!
Babe, don't worry.
Nothing will happen. Be calm.
-He's in the house.
-What's wrong?
Shoot! Shoot!
The native doctor is around.
Where are you going?
Boss, we need to leave here now.
-Is he inside?
-Yes! He is!
Hey!
-I'm in the closet.
-Stay on the line.
-Mother!
-I know what you want to ask.
Someone I really care about
is about to be murdered.
I need father's traveling magic.
And I need it now.
Voke, this is the cause
of your father's predicament.
Father knew it will cost him,
but he did what he had to do.
He saved you.
Voke, I can't.
You're my only child.
You're the only one left.
Has father ever told you
that he regrets his action?
Has he ever told you
He's in the room. I'm in the closet.
I have money. Please!
I'm begging you.
I don't regret at all
that I gave my years for you.
I will do it again,
if I get another opportunity.
But he is my only child.
He's my only child, Ede.
He's my only child.
-Mother, what did you say?
-I can't!
Please!
Voke, it will take years from your life.
Let it take it.
Please!
It's his own years to give.
Let him make the choice himself.
Ede, I can hear you.
But he's the only child I have left.
Voke!
What's this nonsense?
Picture the person you want to travel to.
Imagine it in your head.
Picture it in your mind.
You're lucky I love you.
I love you so much.
He's awake. Oh my God!
-Stop!
-It's not working.
It can't pierce his body.
Stop it. Just go!
If you want the bullets to work,
bring them out and urinate on them.
-Urinate on bullets?
-If you want it to work, urinate on them.
Bring out the bullets!
Urinate on them! Out! Go now!
Rogba!
Rogba.
Lolu.
Lolu. My goddaughter.
Rogba!
It's the traveling black magic,
but that's not the point.
You killed Rogba,
when he was trying to say something.
Chisom.
Voke.
Voke...
Onajite!
-Onajite!
-Are you not afraid?
-You will find out what I'll do to you.
Onajite!
Come here!
Keep quiet!
You're raging with a knife.
Do you want to stab someone?
I know you.
I know your mother and father.
My father?
What happened?
Why did she attack me like that?
Onajite?
You killed the father of her child.
Rogba?
Is that his name?
Did you two know each other that well?
He's like a brother to me.
Old man, what's happening?
I know that this is what brought you here.
You want to know what happened.
And you will.
Do you have the courage to hear it?
There's nothing my eyes haven't seen.
Okay!
Come inside.
Elder, don't be upset,
but I just want to know.
What happened to my friend, Rogba?
We'll start from the beginning.
Onajite.
You brought him to this house.
Tell him how it happened.
Tell him.
They said
they found his body by the waterside.
He was badly injured, but he was lucky.
He was rescued and taken to the hospital.
Because he almost died in the process,
he didn't know who he was,
or where he came from.
People started saying maybe he was insane.
But I didn't think of it that way.
I just liked him.
There was a certain way he smiled at me.
He would say, "Auntie Jiji,
"is there anything nice in the okra soup?"
I would say,
"You are crazy. Who is your auntie?"
Then he would laugh.
That's how we became close.
After a while, the hospital complained.
It was odd how no one came to claim him.
They had to discharge him.
Since he had nowhere to go,
I told him to come and stay here.
Do you get it now?
I've never had a man who loved me.
None at all!
No man has ever loved me...
Onajite, that's enough.
Go inside and rest.
Go and rest.
It's okay.
But I searched for him.
I even sent divers
to search for him in the river.
We couldn't find him.
Don't blame yourself.
So, why was he killing people?
When he came here,
I liked him.
My daughter, Jite, got pregnant.
That's when I realized
he doesn't sleep at night.
He keeps tossing and turning
and shouting every night.
He sweats profusely.
I said nobody can live like this.
I decided to look into it.
What my eyes saw,
my mouth cannot speak of.
The situation was
too much for me to handle.
The girl haunting his dreams
was his child.
They sacrificed the child.
They removed five of her body parts
and gave it to Esu.
Her eyes, her heart,
her tongue, her liver, and her lungs.
It was all just because of money.
But the father and daughter's
connection was too strong.
Even though
they were feeding on the child's spirit,
the girl kept begging to be saved.
Esu takes five years
to feed on anything sacrificed to it.
And when it's done feeding,
it will ask for another one.
And when this happens,
the child's spirit will suffer forever.
Terrible suffering!
And, this wasn't
the first time they did this.
They've been doing it for a long time.
So Rogba was trying to stop them?
Not exactly.
What then?
Listen to me.
If he had gotten the organs back from the
same people who took them from the child
and offered them to Esu,
he would've saved the girl's spirit.
He could've left
his child's spirit to suffer forever
or kill the people
who killed his daughter.
He was trying to save Lolu.
Now, the child's spirit
will continue to suffer forever.
The protection suit and mask that
I made for him aren't powerful anymore.
I will do it.
One person remains.
The person who ate the girl's heart.
Voke...
Chisom!
As of now...
it's been too long.
Time is running out.
If it's not done by sunrise,
her spirit will be lost forever.
That's if they haven't
made a new sacrifice already.
You're welcome.
Voke! Voke!
Rogba.
Lolu.
I'm listening!
My father couldn't kill my mom.
Why did you choose Lolu?
Voke.
Voke...
You know I'll do anything for you.
I love you so much.
We can finally be together.
I promised you I would take care of her.
I held her in my arms when she was born.
She's my child.
If it's not done by sunrise,
her spirit will be lost forever.
Voke.
I can't do it.
You wanted us to be together.
Voke.
I didn't think you would kill the girl.
That's where you differ from your father.
This means you have saved the little girl.
Lolu?
Why did you help me?
It's not for free.
I'll call you.
I was trying to search for the truth.
But I lost my best friend
and the love of my life.
Even though I saved Lolu,
these are things
you'd think a man couldn't handle.
But I'm still here.
Standing tall.
A guy showed me his picture,
told me to kill him.
We've searched everywhere
but we couldn't find him.